An Overture to the Commencement of a Very Rigid Journey

My legal name is Alexander Perchov. But all of my many friends dub me Alex, because that is a more flaccid-to-utter
version of my legal name. Mother dubs me Alexi-stop-spleening-me!, because I am always spleening her. If you want to
know why I am always spleening her, it is because I am always elsewhere with friends, and disseminating so much
currency, and performing so many things that can spleen a mother. Father used to dub me Shapka, for the fur hat I would
don even in the summer month. He ceased dubbing me that because I ordered him to cease dubbing me that. It sounded
boyish to me, and I have always thought of myself as very potent and generative. I have many many girls, believe me, and
they all have a different name for me. One dubs me Baby, not because I am a baby, but because she attends to me. Another
dubs me All Night. Do you want to know why? I have a girl who dubs me Currency, because I disseminate so much currency
around her. She licks my chops for it. I have a miniature brother who dubs me Alli. I do not dig this name very much,
but I dig him very much, so OK, I permit him to dub me Alli. As for his name, it is Little Igor, but Father dubs him
Clumsy One, because he is always promenading into things. It was only four days previous that he made his eye blue from
a mismanagement with a brick wall. If you're wondering what my bitch's name is, it is Sammy Davis, Junior, Junior. She
has this name because Sammy Davis, Junior was Grandfather's beloved singer, and the bitch is his, not mine, because I am
not the one who thinks he is blind.

As for me, I was sired in 1977, the same year as the hero of this story. In truth, my life has been very ordinary. As I
mentioned before, I do many good things with myself and others, but they are ordinary things. I dig American movies. I
dig Negroes, particularly Michael Jackson. I dig to disseminate very much currency at famous nightclubs in Odessa.
Lamborghini Countaches are excellent, and so are cappuccinos. Many girls want to be carnal with me in many good
arrangements, notwithstanding the Inebriated Kangaroo, the Gorky Tickle, and the Unyielding Zookeeper. If you want to
know why so many girls want to be with me, it is because I am a very premium person to be with. I am homely, and also
severely funny, and these are winning things. But nonetheless, I know many people who dig rapid cars and famous
discotheques. There are so many who perform the Sputnik Bosom Dalliance—which is always terminated with a slimy
underface—that I cannot tally them on all of my hands. There are even many people named Alex. (Three in my house alone!)
That is why I was so effervescent to go to Lutsk and translate for Jonathan Safran Foer. It would be unordinary.

I had performed recklessly well in my second year of English at university. This was a very majestic thing I did because
my instructor was having shit between his brains. Mother was so proud of me, she said, "Alexi-stop-spleening-me! You
have made me so proud of you." I inquired her to purchase me leather pants, but she said no. "Shorts?" "No." Father was
also so proud. He said, "Shapka," and I said, "Do not dub me that," and he said, "Alex, you have made Mother so proud."

Mother is a humble woman. Very, very humble. She toils at a small café one hour distance from our home. She presents
food and drink to customers there, and says to me, "I mount the autobus for an hour to work all day doing things I hate.
You want to know why? It is for you, Alexi-stop-spleening-me! One day you will do things for me that you hate. That is
what it means to be a family." What she does not clutch is that I already do things for her that I hate. I listen to her
when she talks to me. I resist complaining about my pygmy allowance. And did I mention that I do not spleen her nearly
so much as I desire to? But I do not do these things because we are a family. I do them because they are common
decencies. That is an idiom that the hero taught me. I do them because I am not a big fucking asshole. That is another
idiom that the hero taught me.

Father toils for a travel agency, denominated Heritage Touring. It is for Jewish people, like the hero, who have
cravings to leave that ennobled country America and visit humble towns in Poland and Ukraine. Father's agency scores a
translator, guide, and driver for the Jews, who try to unearth places where their families once existed. OK, I had never
met a Jewish person until the voyage. But this was their fault, not mine, as I had always been willing, and one might
even write lukewarm, to meet one. I will be truthful again and mention that before the voyage I had the opinion that
Jewish people were having shit between their brains. This is because all I knew of Jewish people was that they paid
Father very much currency in order to make vacations from America to Ukraine. But then I met Jonathan Safran Foer, and I
will tell you, he is not having shit between his brains. He is an ingenious Jew.

So as for the Clumsy One, who I never ever dub the Clumsy One but always Little Igor, he is a first-rate boy. It is now
evident to me that he will become a very potent and generative man, and that his brain will have many muscles. We do not
speak in volumes, because he is such a silent person, but I am certain that we are friends, and I do not think I would
be lying if I wrote that we are paramount friends. I have tutored Little Igor to be a man of this world. For an example,
I exhibited him a smutty magazine three days yore, so that he should be appraised of the many positions in which I am
carnal. "This is the sixty-nine," I told him, presenting the magazine in front of him. I put my fingers—two of them—on
the action, so that he would not overlook it. "Why is it dubbed sixty-nine?" he asked, because he is a person hot on
fire with curiosity. "It was invented in 1969. My friend Gregory knows a friend of the nephew of the inventor." "What
did people do before 1969?" "Merely blowjobs and masticating box, but never in chorus." He will be made a VIP if I have
a thing to do with it.

This is where the story begins.

But first I am burdened to recite my good appearance. I am unequivocally tall. I do not know any women who are taller
than me. The women I know who are taller than me are lesbians, for whom 1969 was a very momentous year. I have handsome
hairs, which are split in the middle. This is because Mother used to split them on the side when I was a boy, and to
spleen her I split them in the middle. "Alexi-stop-spleening-me!," she said, "you appear mentally unbalanced with your
hairs split like that." She did not intend it, I know. Very often Mother utters things that I know she does not intend.
I have an aristocratic smile and like to punch people. My stomach is very strong, although it presently lacks muscles.
Father is a fat man, and Mother is also. This does not disquiet me, because my stomach is very strong, even if it
appears very fat. I will describe my eyes and then begin the story. My eyes are blue and resplendent. Now I will begin
the story.

Father obtained a telephone call from the American office of Heritage Touring. They required a driver, guide, and
translator for a young man who would be in Lutsk at the dawn of the month of July. This was a troublesome supplication,
because at the dawn of July, Ukraine was to celebrate the first birthday of its ultramodern constitution, which makes us
feel very nationalistic, and so many people would be on vacation in foreign places. It was an impossible situation, like
the 1984 Olympics. But Father is an overawing man who always obtains what he desires. "Shapka," he said on the phone to
me, who was at home enjoying the greatest of all documentary movies, The Making of "Thriller," "what was the language
you studied this year at school?" "Do not dub me Shapka," I said. "Alex," he said, "what was the language you studied
this year at school?" "The language of English," I told him. "Are you good and fine at it?" he asked me. "I am fluid," I
told him, hoping I might make him proud enough to buy me the zebra-skin seat coverings of my dreams. "Excellent,
Shapka," he said. "Do not dub me that," I said. "Excellent, Alex. Excellent. You must nullify any plans you possess for
the first week of the month of July." "I do not possess any plans," I said to him. "Yes you do," he said.

Now is a befitting time to mention Grandfather, who is also fat, but yet more fat than my parents. OK, I will mention
him. He has gold teeth and cultivates ample hairs on his face to comb by the dusk of every day. He toiled for fifty
years at many employments, primarily farming, and later machine manipulating. His final employment was at Heritage
Touring, where he commenced to toil in the 1950s and persevered until of late. But now he is retarded and lives on our
street. My grandmother died two years yore of a cancer in her brain, and Grandfather became very melancholy, and also,
he says, blind. Father does not believe him, but purchased Sammy Davis, Junior, Junior for him nonetheless, because a
Seeing Eye bitch is not only for blind people but for people who pine for the negative of loneliness. (I should not have
used "purchased," because in truth Father did not purchase Sammy Davis, Junior, Junior, but only received her from the
home for forgetful dogs. Because of this, she is not a real Seeing Eye bitch, and is also mentally deranged.)
Grandfather disperses most of the day at our house, viewing television. He yells at me often. "Sasha!" he yells. "Sasha,
do not be so lazy! Do not be so worthless! Do something! Do something worthy!" I never rejoinder him, and never spleen
him with intentions, and never understand what worthy means. He did not have the unappetizing habit of yelling at Little
Igor and me before Grandmother died. That is how we are certain that he does not intend it, and that is why we can
forgive him. I discovered him crying once, in front of the television. (Jonathan, this part about Grandfather must
remain amid you and me, yes?) The weather report was exhibiting, so I was certain that it was not something melancholy
on the television that made him cry. I never mentioned it, because it was a common decency to not mention it.

Grandfather's name is also Alexander. Supplementally is Father's. We are all the primogenitory children in our families,
which brings us tremendous honor, on the scale of the sport of baseball, which was invented in Ukraine. I will dub my
first child Alexander. If you want to know what will occur if my first child is a girl, I will tell you. He will not be
a girl. Grandfather was sired in Odessa in 1918. He has never departed Ukraine. The remotest he ever traveled was Kiev,
and that was for when my uncle wedded The Cow. When I was a boy, Grandfather would tutor that Odessa is the most
beautiful city in the world, because the vodka is cheap, and so are the women. He would manufacture funnies with
Grandmother before she died about how he was in love with other women who were not her. She knew it was only funnies
because she would laugh in volumes. "Anna," he would say, "I am going to marry that one with the pink hat." And she
would say, "To whom are you going to marry her?" And he would say, "To me." I would laugh very much in the back seat,
and she would say to him, "But you are no priest." And he would say, "I am today." And she would say, "Today you believe
in God?" And he would say, "Today I believe in love." Father commanded me never to mention Grandmother to Grandfather.
"It will make him melancholy, Shapka," Father said. "Do not dub me that," I said. "It will make him melancholy, Alex,
and it will make him think he is more blind. Let him forget." So I never mention her, because unless I do not want to, I
do what Father tells me to do. Also, he is a first-rate puncher.

After telephoning me, Father telephoned Grandfather to inform him that he would be the driver of our journey. If you
want to know who would be the guide, the answer is there would be no guide. Father said that a guide was not an
indispensable thing, because Grandfather knew a beefy amount from all of his years at Heritage Touring. Father dubbed
him an expert. (At the time when he said this, it seemed like a very reasonable thing to say. But how does this make you
feel, Jonathan, in the luminescence of everything that occurred?)

When the three of us, the three men named Alex, gathered in Father's house that night to converse the journey,
Grandfather said, "I do not want to do it. I am retarded, and I did not become a retarded person in order to have to
perform shit such as this. I am done with it." "I do not care what you want," Father told him. Grandfather punched the
table with much violence and shouted, "Do not forget who is who!" I thought that that would be the end of the
conversation. But Father said something queer. "Please." And then he said something even queerer. He said, "Father." I
must confess that there is so much I do not understand. Grandfather returned to his chair and said, "This is the final
one. I will never do it again."

So we made schemes to procure the hero at the Lvov train station on 2 July, at 1500 of the afternoon. Then we would be
for two days in the area of Lutsk. "Lutsk?" Grandfather said. "You did not say it was Lutsk." "It is Lutsk," Father
said. Grandfather became in thought. "He is looking for the town his grandfather came from," Father said, "and someone,
Augustine he calls her, who salvaged his grandfather from the war. He desires to write a book about his grandfather's
village." "Oh," I said, "so he is intelligent?" "No," Father corrected. "He has low-grade brains. The American office
informs me that he telephones them every day and manufactures numerous half-witted queries about finding suitable food."
"There will certainly be sausage," I said. "Of course," Father said. "He is only half-witted." Here I will repeat that
the hero is a very ingenious Jew. "Where is the town?" I asked. "The name of the town is Trachimbrod." "Trachimbrod?"
Grandfather asked. "It is near 50 kilometers from Lutsk," Father said. "He possesses a map and is sanguine of the
coordinates. It should be simple."

Grandfather and I viewed television for several hours after Father reposed. We are both people who remain conscious very
tardy. (I was near-at-hand to writing that we both relish to remain conscious tardy, but that is not faithful.) We
viewed an American television program that had the words in Russian at the bottom of the screen. It was about a Chinaman
who was resourceful with a bazooka. We also viewed the weather report. The weatherman said that the weather would be
very abnormal the next day, but that the next day after that would be normal. Amid Grandfather and I was a silence you
could cut with a scimitar. The only time that either of us spoke was when he rotated to me during an advertisement for
McDonald's McPorkburgers and said, "I do not want to drive ten hours to an ugly city to attend to a very spoiled Jew."